this recap of squid game season 1
episode 1 red light green light contains
spoilers
g.i hun is a degenerate he sponges off
his mother and blows what little money
he has gambling on horses
he spends the morning of his daughter's
birthday in the bookies just to fund her
special day
but almost immediately after promising
her all kinds of treats he loses his
newfound wealth while being chased by
some goons he already owes money to
just like that he has one month to cough
up his debts or the cost will be
recouped in the form of his vital organs
he even signs in his blood to make it
all official
gi han's daughter ga young is adorable
she's careful not to upset gi hunt when
he's forced to take her for a cheap junk
food meal and pretends to be happy about
the cigarette ladder in the shape of a
gun that gi han gives her as a gift he
wanted out of a claw machine with the
help of some random kid in an arcade
ga yong's mother and stepfather are well
often well adjusted and gi han is
neither but he means well
gi hun is desperate that's why he'd
agree to play a higher stakes games
when he returns home his mother tells
him that ga young will be moving to the
u.s next year
in order for her to stay he has to prove
he can support her financially
so gi hun calls the number on the
business card that the salesman gave him
and agrees to participate
red light green light turns out to be
the password to join in which involves
boeing a people carrier along with the
other passengers all of whom including
g.i hun are gassed into unconsciousness
for the trip
when he wakes up he's wearing a
tracksuit labelled 456.
there are 455 other players all
simultaneously waking up in towers of
plain bunk beds
001 an elderly man trying to stave off
dementia by counting the participants
has a brain tumour
067 the young woman gi hun tripped over
earlier who presumably stole the money
he won from the race has some issues
with 101 an obvious gangster type who
isn't thrilled about her going
independent
the staff are all wearing coveralls and
masks adorned with either a square or a
circle the same symbols that were on the
back of the salesman's business cards
one of them explains that everyone
present is on the brink of financial
ruin and stand to make a pretty penny by
playing six games over the next six days
the prize money will be accumulated in a
giant piggy bank suspended from the
ceiling
everyone agrees to participate and is
led through a giant check-in process
that has them climb multiple
multi-coloured staircases up up and up
to a game room
all the while we get glimpses of the
enigmatic figure in a black hood and
mask who one assumes is the front man in
charge of the whole operation though he
later gets a call from someone which
suggests he might have employers above
him
sangwoo number 218 is also playing gi
han knows him and his mother who was
convinced he was abroad on a business
trip
red light green light turns out not just
to be the password for the first game
but also the game itself a version of
the playground game where you move on
green and stop still on red
but there's a twist here if you're
eliminated from the game you're shot to
death
once the participants discover this most
of them attempt to flee and are killed
on mass their corpses piling up on top
of each other by the doors
the remaining players have no choice but
to play along sangwoo helps gi han
figure out the motion sensor and advises
him to stay behind someone else o67 has
the same idea hiding behind and
antagonising 101 during the game
all of the main characters we've met so
far survive the game but gi han only
makes it by the skin of his teeth and
even then only thanks to the
intervention of another player 199 who
catches him when he's about to fall
red light green light ends with the roof
of the game room closing as an aerial
shot reveals the games are taking place
in dense woodland in the middle of some
mountains
this recap of squid game season 1
episode 2 hell
the staff of the game quietly processed
the coffins each adorned with a red bow
of all the players who were eliminated
from the first game
as the lid of one of them is pushed open
by the fingers of its still alive
occupant
a staffer pushes the coffin lid closed
and nails it shut
the revelation that elimination from
these children's games actually means
death has sent the participants into a
frenzy
most want to leave and almost nobody
wants to play however the consent
form everyone signed guaranteed
elimination for refusal to participate
the third clause though as pointed out
by sangwoo states that if a majority of
players refuse to play the games will be
cancelled
the decision is made to hold a vote but
the staffers of the squid game know what
they're doing they fill up the piggy
bank with the first round of money
making clear that the total prize pot
will be 45.6 billion won
gi hun is the first to vote he votes not
to continue
so do many
others the vote remains neck and neck
all throughout but eventually sangwoo
and a few others push the positive votes
into the lead
the counter-argument to leaving is that
their lives outside of the game aren't
going to be any better
at least here they have a chance to make
something of themselves
it's player001 the old man with the
brain tumor who gets to cast the
deciding vote breaking a 100 to 100 tie
he selects to not continue
with that everyone is deposited back to
their lives with the caveat that if a
majority of people want to continue the
games then they will be restarted
gi han is dumped with the pickpocket who
stole his money
sangwoo who is with 199 the player who
saved gi han in the first game charges
his phone to discover a torrent of
messages from the authorities that crack
a very narrow window into his personal
issues
but he's still willing to pay for 199's
food and bus travel home
gi han goes to the police they all think
he's ridiculous when ji hun presents the
business card the salesman gave him the
number goes through to a random woman
who claims to have no knowledge of any
games
back in sangman dong ji hun hooks back
up with sengwu who gives him a brief
overview of his financial direstrates
he used his mother's house and shop as
financial collateral nobody in
sangmandong seems to have much respect
for their mothers
gi hun didn't even realise his own was
diabetic and in danger of losing her
feet until the hospital called to let
him know
the pickpocket 199 everyone is ruined
and out of options and their attempts to
fix their predicaments only makes things
worse
gi hunning counters 0.01 the old man
wants to return and so does 101
the gangster who's in considerable debts
to his higher-ups
who wants to harsh the piggy bank
he's thrown for a bit of a loop
though when his own goon betrays him
leading to a bloody moment on a bridge
where he's forced to flee from henchmen
who want his organs
shen ji hun goes to ask gayon's mother
for a loan
it turns out she's broke and her new
husband is giving her a living allowance
we also learned that he witnessed a
co-worker die which has evidently left a
mark on him
gayon's stepfather tries to pay g.i hun
in exchange for him not visiting any
more so gi hun rightly socks him in the
mouth and shortly afterward he's
approached
by huang jun ho a police officer who has
been following gi hun's case since their
encounter at the police station because
junho's brother received a similar
business card and is missing when gi han
returns home he finds another of those
business cards wedged in his door
he and all of the show's other main
characters all wait to be picked up to
once again be taken back to the games
there's a new player to enter the squid
game in the man with the umbrella
episode 3 though he hasn't been invited
and his infiltration gives us a bit more
helpful knowledge of these games
logistically since he follows a fleet of
hyundai people carriers
all containing unconscious players to
the port where they're loaded onto a
ship and scan junhoe chokes out one of
the staffers
when he tries to pose as a player
stealing his outfit and dumping him
overboard
finally someone capable has entered the
games he's told off for speaking without
being invited to buy a
period by staffer with a loose button
dangling from his coveralls but he's
able to maintain his cover
some players including the pickpocket
have some hidden advantages she's passed
a switchblade during the processing
phase
gi han seng-woo and 1-9 decide to form
their own little squad along with double
teams are beginning to form everywhere
067 seems on her own side
using the knife to unscrew the vents in
the bathroom where 212 is enjoying a
cheeky smoke
but 101 has plenty of influence given
his underworld connections
in the vents 067 inspires the staff
melting something down in large pots it
smells like sugar
the room is being done up as a giant
playground four symbols circle triangle
star and umbrella adorn the walls and
the players are to organize themselves
under each one
sangwoo who over here heard oh 6 7
talking about the sugar has some brief
flashbacks to childhood trying to
determine what the game is going to be
he advises their team spread themselves
out among the symbols just in case
sangwoo goes triangle one double nine
circle gi hun becomes the man with the
umbrella and double one takes the star
each of the players is given a circular
case the cases contain a circular piece
of sugar honeycomb printed with one of
the four symbols and each player must
cut out their shape with a needle
without in it breaking or cracking
had some prior knowledge of this so went
for the triangle for is gi hun who has
the hardest shape realises he's probably
screwed
the staff keeps a watchful eye on
everyone and anyone who fails is
executed
67 both triangles are able to pass with
no issue
one double nine also makes it gi hun
once again goes down to the wire as he
nervously sweats on the honeycomb
he gets an idea to melt it from the back
thinning the outline so he can more
easily remove the umbrella
a successful 212 drops her latter for
101 but everyone else follows gi han's
example and starts licking their
honeycomb
with a second left gi hun succeeds and
breaks down in tears
in a desperate move one of the
unsuccessful umbrella players attacks
one of the staff members
holding him hostage he orders him to
take off his mask and turn around
discovering that he is a very young man
more than a child
seeing this the player kills himself and
then the front man in the black mask
executes the staffer
he reminds everyone that if the players
see who they are then they die
as the survivors still reeling from the
latest sugar rush adjust to the
comparative normality of the time
between games
one on one's little goon squad has
adopted the role of the bullies
dining away in the corner even as a few
other prisoners complain there's no food
and water left for them
the staff is adamant that there was
exactly enough for everyone
so the starving player confronts one on
one and gets beaten to death for his
critics m
as one-on-one is told later by the staff
this was intentional designed to stoke
up rivalries between the players
if one-on-one has any chance of survival
he has to align himself with the
strongest group
lights out is treated like a ticking
clock device in stick to the team
everyone knows that something is going
to go down in the dark one-on-one tries
to avoid his fate by telling one-on-one
that he knows what the next game is
he's told to stay in the corner and stay
quiet when the lights go out the front
man watches on through thermal cameras
and instructs the staff to flash the
lights on and off as chaos erupts in the
dorm
several people get messily stabbed to
death the camera starts to focus on gi
han and his friends as they look for
double 01 who's missing in all the
carnage
sae biok joins team gi hunt just before
the cries of double o1 stood at the very
top of a tower of bunk beds brings the
fighting to a close
the lights return the staffers enter and
everyone is brought under control
as the coffins are brought in and the
dead are taken out gi hun decides it's
time for everyone to exchange names
199 is ali abdul from pakistan
double o1 can't recall his name one on
one whose name is dioksu
sneaks off to the bathroom for some
alone time with 2-1-2 who promises
she'll kill him if he betrays her
in the meantime juho realises that the
person coughing in the room next to his
is actually coughing in morse code
spelling out room 29
it's time for the next game this one
requires teams of 10 and has a time
limit of 10 minutes
that means that the smaller groups have
to form bigger ones which means there's
some decision making that needs to be
done
sangwoo proposes they each bring in one
guy since men tend to be better at most
games on average and he also advises ali
to hide his left hand which is missing
two fingers
sangwoo approaches o six nine but turns
him down because he's adamant about his
wife coming along our team already has
too many girls he says exposing himself
as a bit of a prick
speaking of which dioxu stops 2-1-2
min-neo from joining his team and
assaults her when she publicly begs him
team ji han is short one player sang-woo
is fuming that sae bayoc recruited
another girl and he only becomes less
happy when menyo volunteers herself for
their team
once everyone is told that the game is
tug of war he reckons he has even more
of a point since it's all about
physicality
this version takes place across two
opposing towers with a giant chasm in
the middle the losing team will plunge
to their deaths
since dioxu was tipped off about the
game by one-on-one he has assembled a
team comprised entirely of strong men so
when he and his goons are called up to
play first they win
just like that another 10 players are
out of the game
gi hun's team is to play against another
team of men who like their chances but
double 01 explains in the elevator that
tug of war is a game he knows well from
his childhood
he would always win even if he was
against a strong wrestler thanks to
superior strategy
gi who is at the front as the leader ali
is at the back as the anchor
everyone else is arranged alternating
between left and right their feet
forward the rope under their armpits
at the start they wait holding their
position until they sense weakness
and then they capitalise it almost works
but not quite
the next idea is sangwooz who advises
they all take three steps forwards
closer to the edge to make the opposing
team trip and fall
it's a risky gambit as everyone moves
forwards stick with the team ends
the gambit that sangwoo proposed pays
off and gi hun's team emerges victorious
in tug of war
but we learn that two of the game's
staffers are working against the front
men
one of them is jun ho who has assumed
the number 29 and the responsibilities
of his predecessor
the teams assembled for tug of war
persist into the night even though
nobody trusts anyone else
gi hun proposes creating a barricade
before lightsaber to give them cover
should there be another nighttime attack
dioxu is amused by this but only until
gi hun points out that he'd probably be
the primary target of any violence even
amongst his own team
he decides to order everyone to take the
night off for his own sake but gi hun
and his team still decide to take turns
keeping watch during the night
sangwoo and ali share the first watch as
well as some sweet corn a nice moment
and some backstory
ali has family back in pakistan and a
wife and son in korea but no money hence
his choice to participate in the games
but things are a bit more complicated
when it comes to the staff
the corrupt ones are feeding one-on-one
information about the upcoming games in
exchange for his help removing organs
from the deceased players and shipping
them to the mainland
on their watch gi hun and double one
share some backstory too
gi hun especially recounts being laid
off from his job making car parts
and the death of his co-worker
double o1 gets a crippling headache
though and severe fever so gi han is
forced to tend to him
in the meantime the guards continue to
bicker becoming suspicious of the
disguised junhoe as he asks lean
questions about their last
questions delivery
should know the answers to since the
real number 29 was present for it
they're interrupted by one-on-one
becoming frantic though and he only
becomes more so when he finishes
extracting the organs and is told that
they don't know what the next game is
yet
one-on-one tries to hold one of the
staffers hostage at scalpel point but he
tries to take him down resulting in
one-on-one stabbing him to death and
making an escape up the multi-coloured
stairway
visible on multiple security
cameras at the same time junhoe's
opposite number becomes suspicious of
him and forces him to remove his mask
exposing himself as an impostor
jun ho gets the drop on him though and
forces him to remove his own mask
he brings up the zombie they keep
talking about a man with one kidney who
they beat to death
he assumes this was his brother who also
had one kidney but the man tells him it
was a woman they killed and he can prove
it with a list of the players and their
medical records which is kept in the
frontman's room
junhoe executes him upstairs the
remaining guard catches up with
one-on-one and removes his own mask in
an effort to talk him down
they're interrupted by the front man who
shoots the guard
he's not upset about him selling off the
organs but breaking the equality of the
game
he executes the guard and his men shoot
one on one dead two
while junhoe roots through the files
there's a staff roll call and it's
discovered that he's missing
the players are all rounded up at
gunpoint including double 01 who is bed
bound and has wet himself in the night
junhoe finds records of the squid game
dating all the way back to the 80s
and finally some details of his brother
hawang in ho number 132 who apparently
won the game back in 2015
the next game is ready to start after
covering up double 01's trousers for the
sake of his dignity
jihan heads up the multi-coloured
staircase with everyone else to find
one-on-one and the various corrupt
staffers hung on this
voice informing them all that the
playing field has been leveled once more
geoxu isn't thrilled to hear this
there's also the matter of the vips that
are due to arrive
and whoever is in charge of the front
man
junhoe overhears a phone call during
which he assures his superior that
everything is moving according to
schedule but it's clear that the front
man has responsibilities to a much more
powerful and dangerous figure
the fourth game requires teams of two
sangwoo proposes teaming up with ali
leaving g.i hun out
sae bayoc teams up with 2-4-0 and in a
lovely moment jihan pledges himself to
double o1
that leaves me neo without a partner and
she's dragged away by the guards
the game looks like it's going to be
marbles which double 01 says he was
pretty good at in his youth
he says that he and gi hun are now g
gambu the neighborhood best friend who
they trusted the most
they're both excited until the twist is
revealed the partners have to play
against each other and the first one to
remove all of their opponent's marbles
wins
this is a major problem for almost
everyone sangwoo and ali and the husband
and wife duo especially
at least the contestants get to pick
which game they play
sae bayoc and 240 agree to just do one
all or nothing bet at the very end and
talk in the meantime
sangwoo and ali play odds and evens even
though the latter doesn't know what odds
and evens are and wants to stop
and double 01 roams through the
simulated neighborhood as though it's
his own
it seems like only sae bayoc and 240
have things together
ji hun quickly loses it with double 01
and sang wu flips out on ali when he
keeps winning
g.i hun finally gets double 01 to play
odds and evens again and quickly finds
himself with a lone remaining marble
before long the gunshots start ringing
out
sangwoo's plan for both him and ali to
win together strikes a worrying note of
the former trying to betray the latter
and it quickly becomes
apparent that double 01 is planning a
particularly long-assisted suicide
which daihun tearfully recognises
2-4-0 finally reveals her name is ji
young as she and sae biop
prepare to determine the winner and
loser of their game by seeing who can
throw one marble closest to the wall
sang-woo having tricked ali into giving
up his marbles takes them to the guard
just when it seems like double o1 is out
of marbles gi hun can't bring himself to
loan him a marble instead accepting what
he perceives to be a victory he pulls
another out of his pocket and wanders
off much to die hans distress
and ji young essentially sacrifices
herself for sae biok
by dropping the marble at her feet
revealing that she has no reason to win
whereas sae bayock still has family in
north korea
ji young is shot dead
ali discovering that the marbles in his
bag are pebbles slipped in there by sang
wu is shot dead and double one finally
finds his home in the fabricated
neighborhood
he proposes that he and gi hunt make one
last all or nothing bet revealing that
he knew ji hun was tricking him into
taking his marbles the whole time
double o1 gives g.i hun his remaining
marble reminding him that their g gambu
and g gambu share everything
he's happy to go out like this having
had one last good time and made a true
friend
he holds gi han as he sobs and when he
finally walks away double 01 remembers
his name oh illna
the front man discovers that the
imposter has been in his personal
quarters thanks to the position of the
phone but he's pulled away before he can
discover him by news of a gover him by
news of a body being washed ashore
the front man expresses some knowledge
of the korean police
perhaps the front man himself is jun
ho's missing brother
maybe former winners become the new
frontman
the body that's discovered is the one
junhoe tossed overboard during his
infiltration and planted his id on
the front man takes a good long look at
that id
the remaining players meanwhile are not
in a good mood especially not o69 whose
partner in the marbles game was his wife
and gi hun who still feels responsible
for the death of 001
069 has a breakdown until sangwoo
lectures him into shape
he gradually starts addressing the
entire room he's rationalising his own
actions having essentially sentenced ali
to death
the vips all arrive wearing very fancy
animal masks
the front man greets them and laments
that the host can't be there personally
due to some urgent business
they're all present to watch the next
game and have been betting on the
outcome as predicted
one of them had a big sum on 069 who as
they can see on the video screens is
about to hang himself
junhoe meanwhile is still nearby and
takes it upon himself to knock out the
waiter and steal his outfit to get
closer to the vips
when the players wake up the next
morning they find o69 dead hanging from
his bunk
as the announcer's voice tells them he's
been eliminated and the piggy bank fills
up a little more
the fifth game is about to begin
everyone make their way up the staircase
the front man introduces the game to the
vips who are lounging around with human
footstools
and the staff introduces it to the
players
each is ordered to choose a mannequin
and take its corresponding vest numbered
1 through 16.
the announcer at the push of the
frontman's button explains that the
numbers determine the order in which
they'll be playing
as gi hun deliberates everyone else
grabs the remaining numbers leaving only
1 and 16 the
two most dangerous numbers he theorises
luckily the decision is made for him one
of the other players 096 politely
requests to be number one he finally
wants to take ownership of his life
there's a giant bridge it's full of
alternating stepping stones made of
either tempered or normal glass
the tempered glass will hold the weight
of two people the normal glass won't
even support one
the vest numbers determine the order in
which you cross the bridge
the time limit is also 16 minutes
everyone must cross 096 makes it one
step before falling to his death
attempts to figure out a pattern to the
glass fall flat obviously with each
unsuccessful attempt it gets easier for
the next person
meanwhile in the vip area one of the
most detestable guests takes a shine to
the disguised jun ho
ordering him first to sit beside him to
fill his drink and then to remove his
mask
this is a problem since the front man
has seen his police id and would
recognise him
eventually the players in the back of
the line start to get anxious about the
time limit and begin shoving the players
in front through the panes of glass
gi hun brings up the rear but the fact
he can't even remember which of the
first two panels is the correct one
doesn't exactly bode well
after a while dioxu finds himself the
leader of the pack with several more
panels to clear and only about six
minutes left
he refuses to proceed unless someone
else goes ahead of him
meanwhile junhoe persuades the vip to
take him somewhere they can be alone
the vip gets his body out and promises
to change juho's life if he can satisfy
him within five minutes but he gets more
than he bargained for
suddenly at gunpoint junhoe gives him
five minutes to tell him everything he
knows about the games
on the bridge mi nyeo confronts dioxu
and has run out of patience for him
she agrees to go ahead of him but when
she steps on his panel she grabs him
around the waist and refuses to let go
he said they'd stay together until the
end after all she said she'd kill him if
he betrayed her and he betrayed her
so here we are she pulls him back
through the next panel and they both
fall to their deaths
sangwoo sae bayok and gi hun are among
the few remaining including a glassmaker
who can identify the faint stain marks
in the tempered glass
since the glassmaker is able to examine
the refraction of the light through the
glass
the frontman changes the settings to
make it harder for him
in the dark the glassmaker needs to
analyse the sounds of the glass in order
to make a decision
so he throws the only thing he has
available double one's marble from the
previous game which gi han has been
carrying ever since
but one marble isn't enough for two
panes of glass
since he's taking too long sangwoo
pushes him through the final pane to his
death and the three main characters make
it across
seconds later all the remaining panels
explode behind them
all three get slashed by the debris
judging by sae bayard's reaction she got
hit worse than the others
meanwhile junhoe escapes from the
facility using one of the dive packs
the front man and several goons pursue
him in a speedboat
frontman opens with junhoe reaching the
mainland with evidence of the games on
his phone
sangwoo's relationship with gi han is
badly suffering in the bathroom we see
that a giant chunk of glass is wedged in
her stomach
she pulls it free and bandages the wound
but it's a bad one
the finalists have all been given
numbered tuxedos as a reward for their
success
the front man is still on the island in
pursuit of junhoe he shoots a hole into
the oxygen canister that junho left on
the beach
the officer is able to call his superior
and request that he locate his signal
and send a whole squad there
he also sends him several of the photos
and videos he has taken as evidence
which should do the trick but there
isn't enough signal for the messages to
get through
several fine meals are prepared for the
finalists on a table in the shape of a
triangle
the guards are waiting on the players gi
hun and seng wu angrily stare at each
other while eating and sae bayok does
her very best to remain conscious
all while junhoe continues to run around
the island trying to evade capture for
long enough to get some consistent phone
signal
eventually he's cornered the front man
knows plenty about the gun-loading
policies of the korean police
so he knows that junhoe only has one
remaining bullet which he puts in the
front man's shoulder
but that doesn't dissuade him junhoe
asks who the hell he is and finally the
twist is revealed the front man is
indeed junho's brother in ho
he asks junhoe to make this easy but he
won't
instead of answering his brother's
question of why inho instead shoots
junhoe and he falls off the cliff into
the ocean
the finalists were all left with a steak
knife each following their dinner and
back in the dorm room each sits on their
bed and contemplates stabbing the others
sae biok though isn't looking too shabby
ji hun approaches her and after a brief
conversation about her family back in
north korea they agree to make a deal
if either of them can make it out of
this they'll look after each other's
loved ones
before he can swear to this though jihan
realises that sang-woo has fallen asleep
and begins to cross the room with his
knife drawn ready to kill him
sae bayoc tells him not to that's not
who he is and she's right after that
wise advice though she begins to lose
consciousness from the blood loss gi hun
summons help but the guards enter with a
coffin not a doctor
when gi hun turns around sangwoo is
standing over sae bayak's bedside having
cut her throat
enraged ji hun picks up his own knife
and lunges at him but the guards
separate him since there is still a
final game to play
sangwoo and ji han are going to play
squid and each will be on opposing sides
of offense or defence
ji han chooses a fence with the vips
watching from above with interest the
front man adds extra narration
confirming that this game is the most
physical and violent from childhood days
there are few rules with this one g.i
hun has a pocket knife which he intends
to use to try and win this game
punches are traded while sangwoo manages
to grab the knife and stab g.i hun
several times
ji hun bites a chunk out of his
opponent's leg
using the knife stuck through his hand
jihan pulls it out and looks set to stab
sang-woo but decides not to
he lets the man live while gi hun walks
to the finish line
but he can't cross it instead he decides
to enact rule 3 and end the games right
here
in doing so this means he gives up the
prize money completely but saves his
friend
sangwoo stabs himself in the neck
telling gi hun to help his mother before
passing away as he does ji han wins by
default
with the games over in jihan blindfolded
he sits in a limo with the front man
inho mentions how these games are
similar to betting on horses before
drugging gi han and pushing him out into
the street
inside his mouth though is a credit card
gi hun uses the card inside the terminal
and checks out his balance
his pin number 0456 he withdraws 10 000
won leaving him with 48 million dollars
ji hun swings by the old neighborhood
and finds sangwoo's mother
g.i hun remains silent unable to tell
her the heartbreaking news about her
son's fate
gi hun heads home where he finds his mum
lying on the floor
despite doing all he can for her his mum
has passed away
he holds her as best he can struggling
to hold back tears as he mourns her
passing
one year later gi hun is a changed man
and is called to see the bank manager he
wants to try and help him grow his
financial assets but gi han is having
none of it he hasn't touched the money
since winning it and instead asks the
bank manager for 10 000 won
heading down to the docks he uses the
tobiah rose attached to that rose is a
black envelope with a red ribbon
inside is a business card with the words
december 24th 11 30 pm sky building 77th
floor written on
and the sender is yorji gambu
ji hun arrives at the apartment right on
time where he finds ilnam alive
jihan is completely shocked unable to
accept that this man is alive
however the shocking truth is that ilnam
is actually a part of all this and help
to set up the games
as he says himself he makes a living out
of lending money to others
he called g.i hun over because he's
noticed that he hasn't spent any of the
money he's won
il naam quizzes him believing gi han is
suffering badly from guilt over all
those who have lost their lives in the
games
now based on what junhoe found in the
archives and illna's little monologue
that follows these games started back in
the early 90s
since then there's always been one
winner and it seems like that winner
could go on become a figurehead staff
member like frontman illna and a bunch
of rich buddies got together and decided
to come up with a more productive way of
spending their money
with more cash than they knew what to do
with they all set up this series of
games
the vips are actually those in charge of
the games betting money on people like
horses
they created this game as a way of
having fun gi hun is pretty disgusted
but illnam is quick to remind him that
93 percent of people sign their
contracts again knowing exactly what lay
in store for them from these games
ill name has a tumor he's dying and
doesn't have long to live
ill nam decided to join in and play the
games this time
he wanted to feel a sense of joy in
engaging with others rather than just
spectating and dying
joining and playing with gi hunt during
the fourth challenge allowed him to
remember all the moments he had
forgotten in his life from such a long
time ago
this is why gi hun was able to progress
forward and why il nam sacrificed
himself
although this gunshot was a decoy
as the clock chimes midnight ilnam
passes away with gi hun finally learning
the truth about the games and their
origin he undergoes a drastic
transformation
he gets his hair cut and dyed red
heading off to help shayle sae bayak's
brother
he brings him to sangwoo's mum and asks
her to look after him
as he walks away sangwoo's mom opens the
suitcase to find it completely packed
full of cash with an accompanying note
it's the money i o sang-woo
on route to the airport after ringing ga
young ji hun notices that same
businessman from before playing with a
poor guy outside
exchanging slaps and smacking envelopes
gi hun charges across the platforms but
misses the man as he boards a train and
escapes
for the victim however g.i hun snatches
his business card away and demands he
not compete
at the airport an enraged gia hun rings
the front man and promises that he'll
pay for what's happened to him and the
others
instead of boarding the plane he turns
and walks away determined to fight back
and put an end to this once and for all
you